fish: update page (#7415)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/fish.md

`fish`

- Start an interactive shell session without loading startup configs:

`fish -N`

- Execute a [c]ommand:

`fish -c "{{command}}"`

- Execute a script:

`fish {{path/to/script.fish}}`

> - Check a script for syntax errors but [n]ot execute it:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Check a script for syntax errors but do [n]ot execute it:
```

`fish --private`

> - Define and export environmental variable that persist across shell restarts (builtin):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Define and export an environmental variable that persists across shell restarts (builtin):
```

`fish --private`

- Display version information and exit:
- Print the version:

`fish --version`

- Set and export environmental variables that persist across shell restarts (from within the shell only):

> `set -Ux {{variable_name}} {{variable_value}}`

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we should remove this. This specific command is tightly connected to the shell and very useful. We cannot really document it in `set.md`, because it's a shell builtin in this case.

Author: I can leave this example here also because there are less than 8 examples now. 😅 I agree, it's useful and I think we can add to another tldr pages builtins useful samples such as this one.
